in this video,
we're going to speak about creating a custom style for your slicer.
So if you don't like any of the styles here that you have for slicers,
you're able to create your own custom style.
You can do so by clicking on new slicer style.
And then I'm gonna name it my awesome style and then here for the whole slicer.
I'm going to give it this light green and then I'm gonna click.
OK,
you're able to also change the border and the fund.
But I'm not going to change those.
I'm gonna click,
OK here and then the header.
I'm going to give it a slightly darker green here and click OK,
and then for selected item with data,
I'm going to give it a dark green and I'm gonna change the phone Tier two white and I'm
gonna click OK,
here for selected item with no data,
I am going to give it a gray color here and click OK,
and for UN selected item with data,
I'm gonna give it just a wait and instructed item with no data as well gonna give it a
white fail and then the hovered selected item with data.
So anything covered?
I'm just gonna give it orange here and click.
OK,
anything hovered orange,
This one is gonna be orange as well.
And this one is gonna be orange.
And then you if you want this to be the default slicer,
start for the document or for your workbook.
You can just check this check box,
but we're not going to check it here.
I'm gonna cook,
Okay.
And now,
to apply the style that you created,
here's the style I need to make sure to select your slicer and then click on your style
here and then the style you created has been applied.
So now,
as you can see her,
there is this orange hover here that we selected and you're able to apply it to the other
slices as well.
So I'm going to select the other slicers and apply the custom style here says you can see
her now.
I have my custom style apply to all the slicers.
And as you can see here,
these air selected items with no data on these air.
The UN selected items with no data here,
there in white and then selected items with data and then un selected items with data.
They are in grey and so on.
So is against here.
This the slicer has taken the style that we created.
And if there is a certain style from the ready mate styles or the default styles here that
you like,
But you just want to modify slightly,
you can just right click on it and then duplicate it.
And I'm gonna need my awesome style two.
And then you can start modifying Get using the original style as a baseline.
But I'm gonna cancel it.
Okay,
So this is how you can create a custom style either by creating,
get from scratch or by using a ready made or built in style as a baseline case.
So thank you guys watching this video,
I now see on the next one.